Minor extension docs improvement (#16516)
docker/docs: desktop/extensions-sdk/build/backend-extension-tutorial.md

> Note
>

> > Check the [Quickstart guide](../quickstart.md) and `docker extension init <my-extension>` provides a better base for your extension as it's more up-to-date and related to your install of Docker Desktop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Check the [Quickstart guide](../quickstart.md) and `docker extension init <my-extension>`. They provide a better base for your extension as it's more up-to-date and related to your install of Docker Desktop.
```
